---
layout: post
title:  "Welcome to The Daily Fat"
date:   2020-07-12 17:37:36 +0700
categories: welcome update
---
Welcome to the musings, and more often than not, ramblings of Ian. You might be wondering, why is this place called The Daily Fat? Great question. I once worked with a bloke who would write an unsolicited broadcast email to the whole management team every day with spreadsheets attached addressing the progress of his weight loss and bicycling training adventures, which he titled "The Daily Fat". Though over time these snapshots of highly entertaining prose became less focused on anything health related and much more focused on current events around the office and his personal life - including his weekend escapades and chapters of content about his dog. The whole process seemed quite cathartic to him and I had watched him write a few of these morning emails while nursing myself into consciousness with double (or triple) shot coffee. It became very apparent that he used this time to prepare himself mentally for the day and to alleviate anxieties by tapping them onto a screen. Each click of a key funnelled the whirlpool of superfluous brain-chatter that we all seem to carry with us into a whimsical, and sometimes poetic, chapter for the rest of the team to chuckle at.

Now I'm not sure if the naming of the daily emails was meant to reflect the fact that they were originally a way of maintaining accountability for his weight loss, or whether it was some kind of tongue in cheek reference to the saying "chewing the fat". I'd like to think it was intentionally both because the end result felt somewhat similar to that chipper early morning banter with the blokes before a day of work, or the mid-afternoon smoko chuckles at the expense of the apprentice who went looking for a "long weight". Either way I decided that I liked the name so I've nicked it. Just like that same apprentice with the tradesman's shifting spanner, I'll deny all allegations and pretend it was mine the whole time until the overwhelming evidence proves otherwise, and then I'll claim I had no idea.

I intend to use this space to inform as well as catharize. To chew the proverbial fat with my reader(s). It mightn't look like much but it's something, so if you're still here then rest your weary bones, browse the other stories, and listen to me talk some shit.
